add known apiml stall issue affecting v3.5 (#5076)
zowe/docs-site: docs/troubleshoot/known-issues-with-apiml.md

Recreate the Zowe keystore by deleting it and recreating it. For more information, see [Scenario 2: Importing a file-based PKCS12 certificate](../user-guide/certificates-configuration-scenarios.md#scenario-2-use-a-file-based-pkcs12-keystore-and-import-a-certificate-generated-by-another-ca).  The Zowe keystore directory is the value of the `KEYSTORE_DIRECTORY` variable in the `zowe.yaml` file that is used to launch Zowe.

### Caching Service persistence directory issue after upgrading to Zowe 3.5

When upgrading to Zowe v3.5 or a later version, which includes Infinispan 16.x, the Caching Service may fail to start with an error message similar to the following:

`org.infinispan.persistence.spi.PersistenceException:
Found an invalid protobuf tag (1) having a field number smaller than 1`

**Cause:**  
This issue can occur because the persisted cache store created by an earlier Zowe version may not be compatible with the version that uses Infinispan 16.x.

**Resolution:**  

> As a workaround, stop Zowe, remove the existing Infinispan persistence directory, located under `<zowe_installation_dir>/workspace/caching-service`, and restart the instance so that the cache store can be recreated on startup.

Reviewer: Don't we name it runtime folder?

Reviewer 2: no it's not in the runtime, but inside workspace dir

**Resolution:**  
In Zowe v3.5.0, the startup scripts will not automatically disable this feature. To prevent the Caching Service from freezing in HA mode, apply one of the following workarounds:

* **Option 1:** Downgrade the Zowe runtime Java version to Java 17, where virtual threads are not enabled by default in Infinispan.

* **Option 2:** Upgrade your Zowe instance installation to Zowe v3.6.0 or higher to automatically inherit the runtime startup script safeguards and configuration properties.

### Caching Service persistence directory issue after upgrading to Zowe 3.5.0

When running Zowe v3.5.0 with Infinispan as the Caching Service storage backend, the Caching Service may fail to start with an error message similar to the following:

`org.infinispan.persistence.spi.PersistenceException:
Found an invalid protobuf tag (1) having a field number smaller than 1`

**Cause:**  
This issue can occur because the persisted cache store created by an earlier Zowe version may not be compatible with the version that uses Infinispan 16.x.

**Resolution:**  

> As a workaround, stop Zowe, remove the existing Infinispan persistence directory, located under `<zowe_installation_dir>/workspace/caching-service`, and restart the instance so that the cache store can be recreated on startup.

Reviewer 3: Workspace directory can be outside of the Zowe installation. So, I would change it in the same way as it done in other articles:

```suggestion
As a workaround, stop Zowe, remove the existing Infinispan persistence directory, located under `zowe.workspaceDirectory`/caching-service, and restart the instance so that the cache store can be recreated on startup.
```
